dnsdist: add missing ComboAddress functions to Lua bindings (#17624)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/reference/comboaddress.rst

  .. method:: tostring() -> string
              toString() -> string

    Returns the address in human-friendly format

>   .. method:: toStringReversed() -> string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. method:: toStringReversed() -> string
  
    .. versionadded:: 2.2.0
```

    Returns the address in human-friendly format, but in reverse notation

>     as used for PTR records.
> 
>   .. method:: toStringNoInterface() -> string
> 
>     Returns the address in human-friendly format, but with any interface
>     suffix stripped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. method:: toStringNoInterface() -> string
  
    .. versionadded:: 2.2.0

    Returns the address in human-friendly format, but with any interface
    suffix stripped.
```

Author: I added the versionadded:: marker to both, thanks.
